AnkiDecks.md, before:

Anki Decks
===

For our group meeting, I create my own decks: <br>
- `Japanisch Schritt für Schritt`
- `みんあの日本語`
- `げんき` (WIP.)

I also intend to create decks for special lessons, where we want to read manga, short stories, translate lyrics, etc. <br>
But at the start, it is recommended to grind the thousand most common words in your target language and study a fair bit of grammar. <br>

**Note:**
You absolutely don't have to use Anki! If it's a pain in the butt for you using Anki, then just don't. <br>
The most important thing is that you have fun learning the language - the language learning experience should be positive! <br>
But at the same time, you should learn consistently, otherwise, you forget a lot of what you have already learned.

#### Recommended decks:
[Kaishi's](https://github.com/donkuri/Kaishi) deck is quite new and most surely the best deck to start your Japanese language journey. <br>
It consists of the most basic and used 1500 words. This is based and sorted by frequency (see [Readme](https://github.com/donkuri/Kaishi?tab=readme-ov-file#pitch-accent)). <br>
I highly recommend enabling the [pitch accent](https://github.com/donkuri/Kaishi?tab=readme-ov-file#pitch-accent) on the cards! <br>
You can **download** the deck from [AnkiWeb Kaishi](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1196762551) or [Kaishi's GitHub](https://github.com/donkuri/Kaishi/releases/).

I started before Kaishi did his amazing deck; hence, I used the [Anacreon's](https://anacreondjt.gitlab.io/) optimized Core 2k deck. <br>
This is quite similar to Kaishi's deck and uses the core 6k deck as a base. <br>
You can **download** it from [Anacreon's own page](https://anacreondjt.gitlab.io/docs/coredeck/).

There is also a [modernized Core 2.3k](https://xelieu.github.io/jp-lazy-guide/resourcesDecks/) deck.


You can find other decks in those guides: <br>
- [The Moe Way](https://learnjapanese.moe/resources/#vocabulary)
- [The Lazy Guide](https://xelieu.github.io/jp-lazy-guide/resourcesDecks/)
- [Itazuraneko Library](https://djtguide.github.io/library/librarymain.html)
- [Immersion-Based Japanese Learning](https://donkuri.github.io/learn-japanese/resources/)

Commit message:

Added download link to Anki decks and added a Note

AnkiDecks.md, after:

Anki Decks
===

For our group meeting, I create my own decks: <br>
- `Japanisch Schritt für Schritt`
- `みんあの日本語`
- `げんき` (WIP.)

You can download the decks from my [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/msp3tcyih8goyq5cav2nq/h?rlkey=93vakg99ybi3o4apa7gkw99ds&dl=0).

I also intend to create decks for special lessons, where we want to read manga, short stories, translate lyrics, etc. <br>
But at the start, it is recommended to grind the thousand most common words in your target language and study a fair bit of grammar. <br>

**Note:**
You absolutely don't have to use Anki! If it's a pain in the butt for you using Anki, then just don't. <br>
The most important thing is that you have fun learning the language - the language learning experience should be positive! <br>
But at the same time, you should learn consistently, otherwise, you forget a lot of what you have already learned.

#### Recommended decks:
**Note:**
Use Kaishi's deck **or** the Core 2k deck. <br>

[Kaishi's](https://github.com/donkuri/Kaishi) deck is quite new and most surely the best deck to start your Japanese language journey. <br>
It consists of the most basic and used 1500 words. This is based and sorted by frequency (see [Readme](https://github.com/donkuri/Kaishi?tab=readme-ov-file#pitch-accent)). <br>
I highly recommend enabling the [pitch accent](https://github.com/donkuri/Kaishi?tab=readme-ov-file#pitch-accent) on the cards! <br>
You can **download** the deck from [AnkiWeb Kaishi](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1196762551) or [Kaishi's GitHub](https://github.com/donkuri/Kaishi/releases/).

I started before Kaishi did his amazing deck; hence, I used the [Anacreon's](https://anacreondjt.gitlab.io/) optimized Core 2k deck. <br>
This is quite similar to Kaishi's deck and uses the core 6k deck as a base. <br>
You can **download** it from [Anacreon's own page](https://anacreondjt.gitlab.io/docs/coredeck/).

There is also a [modernized Core 2.3k](https://xelieu.github.io/jp-lazy-guide/resourcesDecks/) deck.


You can find other decks in those guides: <br>
- [The Moe Way](https://learnjapanese.moe/resources/#vocabulary)
- [The Lazy Guide](https://xelieu.github.io/jp-lazy-guide/resourcesDecks/)
- [Itazuraneko Library](https://djtguide.github.io/library/librarymain.html)
- [Immersion-Based Japanese Learning](https://donkuri.github.io/learn-japanese/resources/)
