Yomitan.md, before:

Yomitan
===

I used the setup guide from [Immersion-Based Japanese Learning](https://donkuri.github.io/learn-japanese/setup/#yomitan-setup) <br>
You can also use the tutorial from [The Moe Way](https://learnjapanese.moe/yomichan/#what-is-yomitan).

Yomitan is a dictionary and supports complete automated card creation with Anki. <br>
We need it to create cards automatically while immersing.

#### Download Yomitan

You can download Yomitan for [Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/yomitan/likgccmbimhjbgkjambclfkhldnlhbnn?pli=1) 
or for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/yomitan/).

Make sure that Yomitan has access to file URLs.
For Chrome:
- Go to Add-ons
- Manage Add-ons
- Scroll down to Yomitan
- Click on `Details` 
- Enable `Allowing access to file URLs`

#### Adding Dictionaries

For Yomitan to work, you must first install some dictionaries. <br>
There are a **ton** of dictionaries, but for the start, download the dictionaries from my [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/pssuudouaffzeqlzvf95k/h?rlkey=ms8jidg4v8n75rq3muhep5x70&dl=0). 

There are different kinds of dictionaries for:<br>
- Japanese - English (J-E) 
- Japanese - Japanese (J-J)
- Grammar
- Specialty
- Kanji 
- Pitch accent
- Frequency

If you want to download more dictionaries, feel free to check out <br>
[MarvNC's collection](https://github.com/MarvNC/yomichan-dictionaries) on GitHub or <br>
[Shoui's collection](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1tTdLppnqMfVC5otPlX_cs4ixlIgjv_lH) on Google Drive.

#### Configure Yomitan

Download the setting file from my [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/iy9p6txhn6zsirw2rsdm1/yomitan-settings-2024-03-13-15-25-39.json?rlkey=zrnqy8ligbzz6mblah7hke2py&dl=0).

In Yomitan, go to: <br>
- `Backup`
- `Import Settings`
- Select the yomitan-settings.json file


#### Using Yomitan

Now you can hold down shift and hover over a word and a popup dictionary appears. <br>
You can also click on the audio button to listen to a pronunciation of the selected word if one exists.


After yomitan is running, you can check out how to [create cards with yomitan](XXX).

Commit message:

Spelling and changed AJT config installation guide

Yomitan.md, after:

Yomitan
===

I used the setup guide from [Immersion-Based Japanese Learning](https://donkuri.github.io/learn-japanese/setup/#yomitan-setup) <br>
You can also use the tutorial from [The Moe Way](https://learnjapanese.moe/yomichan/#what-is-yomitan).

Yomitan is a dictionary and supports complete automated card creation with Anki. <br>
We need it to create cards automatically while immersing.

#### Download Yomitan

You can download Yomitan for [Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/yomitan/likgccmbimhjbgkjambclfkhldnlhbnn?pli=1) 
or for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/yomitan/).

Make sure that Yomitan has access to file URLs.
For Chrome:
- Go to Add-ons
- Manage Add-ons
- Scroll down to Yomitan
- Click on `Details` 
- Enable `Allowing access to file URLs`

#### Adding Dictionaries

For Yomitan to work, you must first install some dictionaries. <br>
There are a **ton** of dictionaries, but for the start, download the dictionaries from my [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/pssuudouaffzeqlzvf95k/h?rlkey=ms8jidg4v8n75rq3muhep5x70&dl=0). 

After downloading, only extract the `dictionary.zip`. 

Installation:<br>
- Go to the Yomitan settings
- Go to Dictionaries
- Click on `Config installed and enabled dictionaries`
- Click on `Import`
- Select all zips from the `dictionary.zip`

This import may take a while. <br>
Feel free to continue with the [Anki download and Setup](AnkiSetup.md).

If you want to download more dictionaries, feel free to check out <br>
[MarvNC's collection](https://github.com/MarvNC/yomichan-dictionaries) on GitHub or <br>
[Shoui's collection](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1tTdLppnqMfVC5otPlX_cs4ixlIgjv_lH) on Google Drive.

There are different kinds of dictionaries for:<br>
- Japanese - English (J-E) 
- Japanese - Japanese (J-J)
- Grammar
- Specialty
- Kanji 
- Pitch accent
- Frequency

#### Configure Yomitan

Download the setting file from my [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/iy9p6txhn6zsirw2rsdm1/yomitan-settings-2024-03-13-15-25-39.json?rlkey=zrnqy8ligbzz6mblah7hke2py&dl=0).

In Yomitan, go to: <br>
- `Backup`
- `Import Settings`
- Select the yomitan-settings.json file


#### Using Yomitan

Now you can hold down shift and hover over a word and a popup dictionary appears. <br>
You can also click on the audio button to listen to a pronunciation of the selected word if one exists.


After yomitan is running, you can check out how to [create cards with yomitan](XXX).
